of the opportunity
while the two
so they are
new
to remember you well I love
in this world he said to increase
but not
and personally if I also play each
side
of forward playmaker on the way
where he could play all the equipment that
I was so
actually
It has cost a bit but I think that
level go up a little despite
that is lost in Iquique but I think that
it can be quite good
and I think the water week
only when
they talk a little
it's going to be very hard
which digital so we expected
we show
with the team that we are companies
when you always lose crisis in everything
what before so
the only thing I can say that I finish it
never
this is the subject of it being